Update Commands (#89)
DynoCC/Dyno-Custom-Commands: Fun Commands/Mini-Games/Dyno-RPG/rpg-help.txt

{delete}
{silent}
{require: Adventurer}

> **__Avelon RPG Commands__**

Reviewer: Is this the Avelon RPG or the Dyno RPG? I'm starting to become a bit confused on that tbh.

Author: Fixed sorry about that lol

A Full List of Commands for use with **Avelon RPG**

**__Attack Commands__**
These commands can be used to attack other players, but be warned some come with *side effects*.

```ml
 - stab: Stab another Adventurer 
 - blight: Cast Blight on another Adventurer
 - sacrifice: Sacrifice another Adventurer to a random deity. Can only be used in #sacrificial-offerings.
 - infect: Infect another Advenurer.
 - fester: Cast Fester on another Adventurer. Can only be used by Infected Adventurers.
 - plague: Cast a plague infecting all Adventurers. Can only be used by infected Adventurers.
```

**__Medica Commands__**
These commands can be used to heal status ailments.

```ml
 - treat: Cure another Adventurer of all ailments
 - cure: Cure yourself of all ailments
 - raise: Raise another Adventurer from the dead
```

**__Deathmatch Commands__**

> These commands are for use with #the-deathpits.

Reviewer: If possible, convert this into a channel mention so that it links to the deathpits channel.

Author: Fixed

```ml
 - deathmatch: Challenge another Adveturer to a deathmatch
 - insult: Send a random insult to challenger during an insults deathmatch
 - cointoss: Toss a coin during a cointoss deathmatch 
```

**__Divine Commands__**

> These commands can only be used by the Divine Council *[aka serverMods]*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands can only be used by the Divine Council *[aka server mods]*.
```
In this case, most end-users are going to be confused as to what a serverMod is, and why it's capitalized like that. It might be best to make it less confusing here.

```ml

>  - divinecure: Cures all Adventurers of all ailments

Reviewer: Ailment or status ailment?
